ci: create a new action to update custom properties in a repo (#8)
PandasWhoCode/update-custom-properties: .github/SECURITY.md

Reviewer: https://github.com/PandasWhoCode/PaintBar?tab=security-ov-file#readme

# Security Policy

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> We take the security of PaintBar seriously. If you believe you have found a security vulnerability, please report it to us as described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We take the security of update-custom-properties seriously. If you believe you have found a security vulnerability, please report it to us as described below.
```
